please do
loudly
Japan Hakone road
common use
mazda turn Pike cute
traffic inspector
fees
Tim stage z4 car
Super overcome and
grandmother
8 km
unbelievable
demanding not
I forgive
to different yards and
incredibly fast and
let him experience
braking and more xy
It consists of the
the god of this competition
Lifting up the hill
the rise of the hill on
motorhead translation group b
m rh translation sponsor
body belt 1 site culture
low on cars
Russian language body belt.ru
director Luc Hobbs ham
my production
Amedeo organizer
competitions and coffee
so yes assistant
director carriages pit
fame music
self-serving aides
wrapper machismo
fifths of the woman's
and before
ignition
get ready for
start
project in this game.
maximum
speed 216 and 6
Now the side
acceleration 190 two hundredths
Jack is primarily
4 real
racing car on
which I speak super
jet city or
Nevertheless, it
still easy to ride
on roads like
Hakon course it
there is incredibly fast
On the other hand ford gt
a little harder
drive because it
classical
racing car
he was pretty nervous
therefore it is necessary
manage it smoothly
both cars pretty
quickly and are very
nice ride check
ford gt40
adsense cog
Vanya soon 156 49 100
kilometers per hour
nichosi height
74 meters is very, very
the height of the mass of such
I go on the baht
full throttle me
top speed was
two hundred fifteen
kilometers per hour
staged in turn
and the passage
bridge usually speed
drops to hundreds of I
constantly go skidding
5 I say in the floor
ready for this
let's have a dress
check it fine
harm
do not look down
check. these 600
maximum
speed 200 20 40 40 d
kilometers per hour
it Butera Taniguchi
then it was
much more fun than I
I thought at first I thought
what will it be
but risky
I became just went
receive from the
great pleasure
naturally it
directly related to
the danger is
because of this I
experienced such
emotions
yes it was a damn
great average
lateral acceleration of 1.61
Jeeves and media
Kharuto TSUM I went
here only on plain
machine so that it
Perhaps my first
experience of the passage of this
road racing on
I think it's a car
most
It reminds Japanese
Nurburgring version
you can drive turns
with the gas in the floor on
third or fourth
transferring think
average speed
will contrast
hundred and fifty
sixty
that is, on average,
very similar to
Nürburgring race in
Iraq second over this
Machines are burden
through 2013
mean acceleration
half rounds
maximum
speed 190 50-40
kilometers per hour Tae Hee
hi da da and sections
going up there
places where
ends
expansion
lane for slow
Traffic in these
places it is very difficult
attack driver
suitable port
the opposite
side of the road and we
I have to think
how early you need
pushing the gas
sections pulldown
too difficult to go on
limit there blind
rotation
I want full throttle
scared because of this
like I want to go
Gas in the floor at the same
time is scary
do it because
such conditions here
very cool whip
check-in rx and Stian speccy
a flock of motorsport
lateral aging 1,51 g
maximum
speed 190 1140
kilometers per hour
official sponsor
recaro translation of group b
May Rushen sponsor
transfer body belt 1 site
Culture is not a verse
cars on
Russian language body belt.ru
If you want to become
our sponsors
advertise in
video on our
resources contact
our administration
group in contact vk.com
Marash service our
translation in our
Online bimah and Rushen
Tiwi point